README.md, before:

# Read Only Attributes
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/read-only-attributes.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/read-only-attributes)
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)
[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/)
[![Python 3.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/)

Info:
-------------------
This package makes class attributes read only.

Motivation:
--------------------
We can make read only attributes using `@property`. But this can be verbose. __Worse, the intent is not clear as in these attributes are meant to be read-only.__
     
Like as below

```
    class MyClass:
        @property
        def x(self):
            return 'immutable 1'
        @property
        def y(self):
            return 'immutable 2'
        @property
        def z(self):
            return 'immutable 3'
        @property
        def w(self):
            return 'immutable '

```

The above can be written like so which is much less verbose and lot more explicit:

```
@read_only_attributes('x','y','z','w')
class MyClass:
    def __init__(self, x, y, z, w):
        self.x = x 
        self.y = y 
        self.z = z 
        self.w = w 
```

Once the instance attributes are assigned in the __\__init____, they cannot be changed. Trying to change them will raise an `AttributeError`.

Installation:
--------------
pipenv install read-only-properties

Usage:
------

import class decorator @read_only_attributes and use like so:

```
from roa import read_only_attributes

@read_only_attributes('x', 'y')
class MyClass:
    def __init__(self, x, y, z):
        self.x = x
        self.y = y
        self.z = z
```
That's it. There us no need to use `@property`.  
'x' and 'y' are now readonly attributes. If we try to change them, `AttributeError` exception will be raised.  
Since 'z' is not in decorator argument list, `self.z` is a mutable instance attribute.

Commit message:

Implement metaclass based approach (fixes #8)

README.md, after:

# Read Only Attributes
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tek-shinobi/read-only-attributes)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/read-only-attributes.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/read-only-attributes)
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)
[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/)
[![Python 3.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/)

Info:
-------------------
This package makes class attributes read only.

Motivation:
--------------------
We can make read only attributes using `@property`. But this can be verbose. __Worse, the intent is not clear as in these attributes are meant to be read-only.__
     
Like as below

```
    class MyClass:
        @property
        def x(self):
            return 'immutable 1'
        @property
        def y(self):
            return 'immutable 2'
        @property
        def z(self):
            return 'immutable 3'
        @property
        def w(self):
            return 'immutable '

```

The above can be written like so which is much less verbose and lot more explicit:

```
class MyClass(metaclass=ReadOnlyType, ro_attrs=('x', 'y', 'z', 'w')):
    def __init__(self, x, y, z, w):
        self.x = x
        self.y = y
        self.z = z
        self.w = w
```

Once the instance attributes are assigned for the first time in the __\__init____, they cannot be changed. Trying to change them will raise an `AttributeError`.

Installation:
--------------
pipenv install read-only-attributes

Usage:
------

import metaclass `ReadOnlyType` and use like so:

```
from roa import ReadOnlyType

class MyClass(metaclass=ReadOnlyType, ro_attrs=('w', 'x', 'y')):
    w = 'w1'
    def __init__(self, x, y, z):
        self.x = x
        self.y = y
        self.z = z

my_class = MyClass('x1', 'y1', 'z1')
print(my_class.w, my_class.x, my_class.y, my_class.z)
my_class.z = 'z2'
# my_class.x = 'x2'  # AttributeError!
```
That's it. There us no need to use `@property`.  
'w', 'x', and 'y' are now readonly attributes. If we try to change them, `AttributeError` exception will be raised.  
Since 'z' is not listed in `ro_attrs`, `self.z` is a mutable instance attribute.
